[MRG] Separate entity checks from suffix to allow BIDSpath to represent dataset_description.json file (#729)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

- More detailed error messages when trying to write modified data via :func:`mne_bids.write_raw_bids`, by `Richard Höchenberger`_ (:gh:`719`)
- If ``check=True``, :class:`mne_bids.BIDSPath` now checks the ``space`` entity to be valid according to BIDS specification Appendix VIII, by `Stefan Appelhoff`_ (:gh:`724`)
- ``BIDSPath.root`` now automatically expands ``~`` to the user's home directory, by `Richard Höchenberger`_ (:gh:`725`)

> - ``dataset_description.json`` file is now able to be represented as a ``BIDSPath``, by passing in ``check=False`` and ``suffix='dataset_description'``, by `Adam Li`_ (:gh:`729`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Arbitrary file names can now be represented as a `BIDSPath`` by passing the entire name as ``suffix`` and setting ``check=False``, by `Adam Li`_ (:gh:`729`)
```
